AND CHRIS MATTHEWS HAS YOU COVERED.
COVERED. HARD
HARD "HARDBALL WITH CHRIS MATTHEWS"
"HARDBALL WITH CHRIS MATTHEWS" IS UP NEXT.
IS UP NEXT. >>> GOOD EVENING.
>>> GOOD EVENING. I’M CHRIS MATTHEWS FROM
I’M CHRIS MATTHEWS FROM WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN NEW YORK
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN NEW YORK HAVE ACCUSED THE PRESIDENT OF
HAVE ACCUSED THE PRESIDENT OF CRIMINAL VIOLATION OF THE
CRIMINAL VIOLATION OF THE FEDERAL CAMPAIGN LAWS.
FEDERAL CAMPAIGN LAWS. THEY SAY TRUMP DIRECTED --
THEY SAY TRUMP DIRECTED -- THAT’S THE WORD -- LAWYER
THAT’S THE WORD -- LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN TO COVER UP A
MICHAEL COHEN TO COVER UP A CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION IN THE
CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION IN THE FORM OF PAYMENTS TO TWO WOMEN
FORM OF PAYMENTS TO TWO WOMEN WITH WHOM HE HAD SEXUAL
WITH WHOM HE HAD SEXUAL RELATIONS.
RELATIONS. THIS COMES FROM THE SOUTHERN
THIS COMES FROM THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, NOT ROBERT
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, NOT ROBERT MUELLER, NOT THE SO-CALLED 17
MUELLER, NOT THE SO-CALLED 17 DEMOCRATS THE PRESIDENT SAYS ARE
DEMOCRATS THE PRESIDENT SAYS ARE WORKING AGAINST HIM, NOT THE
WORKING AGAINST HIM, NOT THE DEEP STATE, NOT FROM A
DEEP STATE, NOT FROM A WITCH-HUNT.
WITCH-HUNT. IT’S FROM ONE OF THE TWO
IT’S FROM ONE OF THE TWO SENTENCING MEMOS FILED IN THE
SENTENCING MEMOS FILED IN THE CASE OF TRUMP’S FORMER LAWYER
CASE OF TRUMP’S FORMER LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN TODAY WHICH ARE
MICHAEL COHEN TODAY WHICH ARE SHEDDING NEW LIGHT ON THE
SHEDDING NEW LIGHT ON THE PRESIDENT’S POTENTIAL LEGAL
PRESIDENT’S POTENTIAL LEGAL EXPOSURE.
EXPOSURE. AS TRUMP’S LONG-TIME FIXER,
AS TRUMP’S LONG-TIME FIXER, COHEN PLEADED GUILTY IN AUGUST
COHEN PLEADED GUILTY IN AUGUST TO CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATIONS
TO CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATIONS IN MAKING HUSH PAYMENTS TO TWO
IN MAKING HUSH PAYMENTS TO TWO WOMEN ON TRUMP’S BEHALF, AND NOW
WOMEN ON TRUMP’S BEHALF, AND NOW TONIGHT’S SENTENCING MEMO MAKES
TONIGHT’S SENTENCING MEMO MAKES CLEAR THAT, QUOTE, WITH RESPECT
CLEAR THAT, QUOTE, WITH RESPECT TO BOTH PAYMENTS, COHEN ACTED IN
TO BOTH PAYMENTS, COHEN ACTED IN COORDINATION WITH AND AT THE
COORDINATION WITH AND AT THE DIRECTION OF INDIVIDUAL ONE.
DIRECTION OF INDIVIDUAL ONE. THAT’S THE PRESIDENT.
THAT’S THE PRESIDENT. WE’RE ALSO GETTING NEW INSIGHT
WE’RE ALSO GETTING NEW INSIGHT INTO WHAT COHEN HAS TOLD THE
INTO WHAT COHEN HAS TOLD THE SPECIAL COUNSEL IN THE ONGOING
SPECIAL COUNSEL IN THE ONGOING PROBE OF POTENTIAL COLLUSION
PROBE OF POTENTIAL COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA.
WITH RUSSIA. ACCORDING TO THE FILING FROM
ACCORDING TO THE FILING FROM MUELLER’S OFFICE, COHEN NOT ONLY
MUELLER’S OFFICE, COHEN NOT ONLY PROVIDED INFORMATION ABOUT THE
PROVIDED INFORMATION ABOUT THE MOSCOW REAL ESTATE PROBLEM,
MOSCOW REAL ESTATE PROBLEM, TRUMP TOWER OVER THERE, THAT
TRUMP TOWER OVER THERE, THAT TRUMP PURSUED DURING THE
TRUMP PURSUED DURING THE ELECTION, BUT ALSO PROVIDE
ELECTION, BUT ALSO PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ATTEMPTS BY
INFORMATION ABOUT ATTEMPTS BY OTHER RUSSIAN NATIONALS TO REACH
OTHER RUSSIAN NATIONALS TO REACH THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. ACCORDING TO THE MEMO, QUOTE,
ACCORDING TO THE MEMO, QUOTE, COHEN SPOKE WITH A RUSSIAN
COHEN SPOKE WITH A RUSSIAN NATIONAL WHO CLAIMED TO BE A
NATIONAL WHO CLAIMED TO BE A TRUSTED PERSON IN THE RUSSIAN
TRUSTED PERSON IN THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION WHO COULD OFFER THE
FEDERATION WHO COULD OFFER THE CAMPAIGN -- HERE’S A PHRASE --
CAMPAIGN -- HERE’S A PHRASE -- POLITICAL SYNERGY, WORKING
POLITICAL SYNERGY, WORKING TOGETHER, TRUMP AND RUSSIA
TOGETHER, TRUMP AND RUSSIA AGAINST HILLARY.
AGAINST HILLARY. PROSECUTORS SAY COHEN PROVIDED
PROSECUTORS SAY COHEN PROVIDED USEFUL INFORMATION PROVIDING
USEFUL INFORMATION PROVIDING CERTAIN DISSKREETD
CERTAIN DISSKREETD RUSSIA-RELATED MATTERS ACCORDING
RUSSIA-RELATED MATTERS ACCORDING TO ITS INVESTIGATION THAT HE
TO ITS INVESTIGATION THAT HE OBTAINED BY VIRTUE OF HIS
OBTAINED BY VIRTUE OF HIS REGULAR CONTACT WITH COMPANY
REGULAR CONTACT WITH COMPANY EXECUTIVES.
EXECUTIVES. THAT WAS TRUMP COMPANY
THAT WAS TRUMP COMPANY EXECUTIVES.
EXECUTIVES. THAT’S HOW COHEN GOT THE
THAT’S HOW COHEN GOT THE INFORMATION HE HAS BEEN USING TO
INFORMATION HE HAS BEEN USING TO TRY TO SAVE HIMSELF.
TRY TO SAVE HIMSELF. AND COHEN ALSO PROVIDED RELEVANT
AND COHEN ALSO PROVIDED RELEVANT AND USEFUL INFORMATION
AND USEFUL INFORMATION CONCERNING HIS CONTACTS WITH A
CONCERNING HIS CONTACTS WITH A PERSON CONNECTED TO THE WHITE
PERSON CONNECTED TO THE WHITE HOUSE ITSELF AFTER JANUARY OF
HOUSE ITSELF AFTER JANUARY OF 2017.
2017. HOWEVER, DESPITE COHEN’S
HOWEVER, DESPITE COHEN’S ASSISTANCE, PROSECUTORS IN THE
ASSISTANCE, PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK STILL RECOMMENDED A SUBSTANTIAL
STILL RECOMMENDED A SUBSTANTIAL TERM OF IMPRISONMENT FOR MICHAEL
TERM OF IMPRISONMENT FOR MICHAEL COHEN GIVEN THE NATURE OF HIS
COHEN GIVEN THE NATURE OF HIS CRIMES.
CRIMES. ALSO TONIGHT, PROSECUTORS
ALSO TONIGHT, PROSECUTORS DETAILED HOW TRUMP’S FORMER
DETAILED HOW TRUMP’S FORMER CAMPAIGN CHAIR PAUL MANAFORT
CAMPAIGN CHAIR PAUL MANAFORT LIED TO THEM REPEATEDLY WHILE HE
LIED TO THEM REPEATEDLY WHILE HE WAS SUPPOSEDLY COOPERATING WITH
WAS SUPPOSEDLY COOPERATING WITH THEM.
THEM. WHAT A NEWS NIGHT.
WHAT A NEWS NIGHT. I’M JOINED RIGHT NOW BY KEN
I’M JOINED RIGHT NOW BY KEN DILANIAN, REPORTER FOR NBC’S
DILANIAN, REPORTER FOR NBC’S INVESTIGATIVE UNIT, JULIA
INVESTIGATIVE UNIT, JULIA AINSLEY, BARBARA McQUADE, A
AINSLEY, BARBARA McQUADE, A FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY AT
FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY AT MICHIGAN.
MICHIGAN. MIMI ROCAH, FORMER U.S.
MIMI ROCAH, FORMER U.S. ASSISTANT ATTORNEY IN THE
ASSISTANT ATTORNEY IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. I WANT TO START WITH KEN.
I WANT TO START WITH KEN. I WANT TO FOCUS ON ONE THING
I WANT TO FOCUS ON ONE THING FIRST.
FIRST. I WANT TO FOCUS ON THE CRIMINAL
I WANT TO FOCUS ON THE CRIMINAL VIOLATION OF THE CAMPAIGN LAWS,
VIOLATION OF THE CAMPAIGN LAWS, THIS EFFORT TO COVER UP WHAT IS
THIS EFFORT TO COVER UP WHAT IS REALLY A CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION
REALLY A CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION OF $130,000, $150,000, ADDING IT
OF $130,000, $150,000, ADDING IT UP TO COVER UP THESE AFFAIRS
UP TO COVER UP THESE AFFAIRS WITH THESE TWO WOMEN.
WITH THESE TWO WOMEN. THE PRESIDENT DIRECTED THAT
THE PRESIDENT DIRECTED THAT ACTIVITY, ACCORDING TO THIS
ACTIVITY, ACCORDING TO THIS MEMORANDUM TODAY.
MEMORANDUM TODAY. KEN?
KEN? >> YES, IN FACT, MICHAEL COHEN
>> YES, IN FACT, MICHAEL COHEN ALREADY STOOD UP IN COURT AND
ALREADY STOOD UP IN COURT AND SAID THAT WHEN HE PLEADED GUILTY
SAID THAT WHEN HE PLEADED GUILTY TO THESE CHARGES IN THE SOUTHERN
TO THESE CHARGES IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. BUT WHAT’S DIFFERENT TODAY IS
BUT WHAT’S DIFFERENT TODAY IS THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE, A
THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE, A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA IS ENDORSING
STATES OF AMERICA IS ENDORSING THAT VIEW IN BLACK AND WHITE IN
THAT VIEW IN BLACK AND WHITE IN A COURT FILING, THAT COHEN ACTED
A COURT FILING, THAT COHEN ACTED IN COORDINATION WITH AND AT THE
IN COORDINATION WITH AND AT THE DIRECTION OF INDIVIDUAL ONE,
DIRECTION OF INDIVIDUAL ONE, DONALD TRUMP, WHO HAD BECOME THE
DONALD TRUMP, WHO HAD BECOME THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. NOW THE REASON I’VE BEEN TOLD
NOW THE REASON I’VE BEEN TOLD IT’S NOT ACCURATE TO CALL HIM AN
IT’S NOT ACCURATE TO CALL HIM AN UNINDICTED CO-CONSPIRATOR
UNINDICTED CO-CONSPIRATOR BECAUSE THERE STILL IS AN ISSUE
BECAUSE THERE STILL IS AN ISSUE OF CRIMINAL INTENT.
OF CRIMINAL INTENT. THE WAY THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW
THE WAY THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW IS WRITTEN, PROSECUTORS HAVE TO
IS WRITTEN, PROSECUTORS HAVE TO PROVE FOR A VIOLATION THAT YOU
PROVE FOR A VIOLATION THAT YOU HAD AN INTENT TO VIOLATE THE
HAD AN INTENT TO VIOLATE THE LAW.
LAW. NORMALLY YOU HEAR IGNORANCE OF
NORMALLY YOU HEAR IGNORANCE OF THE LAW IS NO EXCUSE.
THE LAW IS NO EXCUSE. IN THIS CASE, IGNORANCE OF THE
IN THIS CASE, IGNORANCE OF THE LAW CAN BE AN EXCUSE.
LAW CAN BE AN EXCUSE. IF DONALD TRUMP WAS TOLD BY A
IF DONALD TRUMP WAS TOLD BY A LAWYER HEY, THIS PAYMENT IS
LAWYER HEY, THIS PAYMENT IS OKAY.
OKAY. IT’S NOT A VIOLATION OF THE
IT’S NOT A VIOLATION OF THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW, THAT WOULD
CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW, THAT WOULD CLEARLY BE A DEFENSE.
CLEARLY BE A DEFENSE. BUT THE FACTS OUTLINED HERE
BUT THE FACTS OUTLINED HERE SUGGEST A SCHEME, SUGGEST PEOPLE
SUGGEST A SCHEME, SUGGEST PEOPLE WHO KNEW WHAT THEY WERE DOING
WHO KNEW WHAT THEY WERE DOING WAS WRONG, PARTICULARLY COHEN.
WAS WRONG, PARTICULARLY COHEN. AND CLEARLY, IF A PRESIDENT OF
AND CLEARLY, IF A PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES WAS ABLE TO BE
THE UNITED STATES WAS ABLE TO BE INDICT
INDICT INDICTED, THIS IS A CASE
INDICTED, THIS IS A CASE PROSECUTORS WOULD PURSUE, TO THE
PROSECUTORS WOULD PURSUE, TO THE LAST DOCUMENT, TO THE LAST
LAST DOCUMENT, TO THE LAST WITNESS, CHRIS.
WITNESS, CHRIS. >> JUST TO MAKE YOUR POINT,
>> JUST TO MAKE YOUR POINT, AGAIN, THE PROSECUTORS IN THIS
AGAIN, THE PROSECUTORS IN THIS CASE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
CASE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, THE FEDERAL
NEW YORK, THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS BASICALLY NOMINATED
PROSECUTORS BASICALLY NOMINATED AND CONFIRMED BY THIS REPUBLICAN
AND CONFIRMED BY THIS REPUBLICAN SENATE THESE PEOPLE SAY THAT
SENATE THESE PEOPLE SAY THAT MICHAEL COHEN HAD CRIMINAL
MICHAEL COHEN HAD CRIMINAL INTENT.
INTENT. THEY SAID HE KNEW THE LAW, THAT
THEY SAID HE KNEW THE LAW, THAT HE HAD WORKED IN POLITICS.
HE HAD WORKED IN POLITICS. >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. >> HE KNEW EXACTLY THIS WAS A
>> HE KNEW EXACTLY THIS WAS A COVER-UP.
COVER-UP. JULIA, YOUR THOUGHTS ON THAT,
JULIA, YOUR THOUGHTS ON THAT, THAT COHEN DIRECTED BY THE
THAT COHEN DIRECTED BY THE INDIVIDUAL ONE, THE PRESIDENT,
INDIVIDUAL ONE, THE PRESIDENT, IS ACCUSED OF KNOWING WHAT HE
IS ACCUSED OF KNOWING WHAT HE WAS DOING.
WAS DOING. IT IS POSSIBLE OR PLAUSIBLE TO
IT IS POSSIBLE OR PLAUSIBLE TO ASSUME THAT THE GUY WHO TOLD HIM
ASSUME THAT THE GUY WHO TOLD HIM WHAT HE WAS DOING DIDN’T KNOW IT
WHAT HE WAS DOING DIDN’T KNOW IT WAS A CRIMINAL ACT, THE
WAS A CRIMINAL ACT, THE PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? >> YEAH, CHRIS, BEFORE I CAME
>> YEAH, CHRIS, BEFORE I CAME OUT HERE, I SAW THAT INDIVIDUAL
OUT HERE, I SAW THAT INDIVIDUAL ONE WAS THE NUMBER ONE TREND OF
ONE WAS THE NUMBER ONE TREND OF TWITTER, AT LEAST IN THIS
TWITTER, AT LEAST IN THIS REGION.
REGION. IT’S BECAUSE INDIVIDUAL ONE IS
IT’S BECAUSE INDIVIDUAL ONE IS NAMED IN BOTH OF THESE
NAMED IN BOTH OF THESE SENTENCING MEMOS WE’VE SEEN
SENTENCING MEMOS WE’VE SEEN TONIGHT FROM THE SOUTHERN
TONIGHT FROM THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT AND FROM THE SPECIAL
DISTRICT AND FROM THE SPECIAL COUNSEL.
COUNSEL. IN THE MUELLER MEMO, INDIVIDUAL
IN THE MUELLER MEMO, INDIVIDUAL ONE IS THE OWNER OF THE COMPANY,
ONE IS THE OWNER OF THE COMPANY, THE REAL ESTATE COMPANY THAT
THE REAL ESTATE COMPANY THAT COHEN WORKED FOR THAT.
COHEN WORKED FOR THAT. WOULD BE TRUMP ORGANIZATION THAT
WOULD BE TRUMP ORGANIZATION THAT WOULD BE DONALD TRUMP.
WOULD BE DONALD TRUMP. AND HE IS THE ONE WHO I’M
AND HE IS THE ONE WHO I’M READING HERE WOULD HAVE
READING HERE WOULD HAVE CONFERRED WITH COHEN ABOUT
CONFERRED WITH COHEN ABOUT REACHING OUT TO THE RUSSIAN
REACHING OUT TO THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT.
GOVERNMENT. THEN WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT THE
THEN WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT THE PAYMENTS TO THE WOMEN THAT KEN
PAYMENTS TO THE WOMEN THAT KEN WAS JUST DISCUSSING, THE
WAS JUST DISCUSSING, THE INDIVIDUAL ONE GOES ON TO BECOME
INDIVIDUAL ONE GOES ON TO BECOME THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
STATES. PRETTY CLEAR THAT’S DONALD
PRETTY CLEAR THAT’S DONALD TRUMP, AND THAT HE ALSO WORKED
TRUMP, AND THAT HE ALSO WORKED WITH HIM, TALKED TO HIM ABOUT
WITH HIM, TALKED TO HIM ABOUT THE PAYMENTS TO THOSE WOMEN.
THE PAYMENTS TO THOSE WOMEN. SO IN A LOT OF WAYS, IT CANNOT
SO IN A LOT OF WAYS, IT CANNOT BE UNDERSCORED THAT THESE MEMOS
BE UNDERSCORED THAT THESE MEMOS REALLY AREN’T ABOUT COHEN.
REALLY AREN’T ABOUT COHEN. I MEAN, THEY ARE ABOUT COHEN,
I MEAN, THEY ARE ABOUT COHEN, BUT THEY REALLY POINT TO THE
BUT THEY REALLY POINT TO THE PRESIDENT IN A WAY WE HADN’T
PRESIDENT IN A WAY WE HADN’T SEEN BEFORE.
SEEN BEFORE. >> SURE.
>> SURE. >> AND POINT TO THIS
>> AND POINT TO THIS ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. NOT JUST THE CAMPAIGN, BUT
NOT JUST THE CAMPAIGN, BUT WHAT’S GOING ON INSIDE THE WHITE
WHAT’S GOING ON INSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. >> LET ME GO TO BARBARA ON THIS
>> LET ME GO TO BARBARA ON THIS BECAUSE I THINK THE LANGUAGE IS
BECAUSE I THINK THE LANGUAGE IS VERY STRONG.
VERY STRONG. I WAS REALLY IMPRESSED BY THE
I WAS REALLY IMPRESSED BY THE SPIRIT OF THE PROSECUTORS’
SPIRIT OF THE PROSECUTORS’ LANGUAGE.
LANGUAGE. THEY TALK ABOUT HOW PEOPLE GO
THEY TALK ABOUT HOW PEOPLE GO DOOR TO DOOR IN POLITICS, THEY
DOOR TO DOOR IN POLITICS, THEY LICK ENVELOPES THAT.
LICK ENVELOPES THAT. >> DO ALL THE CUT WORK IN
>> DO ALL THE CUT WORK IN POLITICS IN AN OPEN AND
POLITICS IN AN OPEN AND TRANSPARENT WAY, BECAUSE THAT’S
TRANSPARENT WAY, BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT THE LAW AND OUR WHOLE
WHAT THE LAW AND OUR WHOLE DEMOCRACY IS ABOUT, TRANSPARENT
DEMOCRACY IS ABOUT, TRANSPARENT POLITICS.
POLITICS. THIS SKULDUGGERY, THIS MIDDLE OF
THIS SKULDUGGERY, THIS MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT GETTING THE CATCH AND
THE NIGHT GETTING THE CATCH AND KILL, GETTING THEM TO KILL THE
KILL, GETTING THEM TO KILL THE STORY ABOUT THESE AFFAIRS, ALL
STORY ABOUT THESE AFFAIRS, ALL THESE DONE PURPOSEFULLY AND
THESE DONE PURPOSEFULLY AND DELIBERATELY AND INTRICATELY TO
DELIBERATELY AND INTRICATELY TO COVER IT UP, TO MAKE IT
COVER IT UP, TO MAKE IT NONTRANSPARENT.
NONTRANSPARENT. THEY REALLY THREW THE BOOK AT
THEY REALLY THREW THE BOOK AT THIS.
THIS. THEY TOOK THIS CAMPAIGN
THEY TOOK THIS CAMPAIGN VIOLATION AS DEAD CRIMINAL
VIOLATION AS DEAD CRIMINAL ACTIVITY.
ACTIVITY. >> ONE OF THE THINGS THAT A
>> ONE OF THE THINGS THAT A PROSECUTOR IS REQUIRED TO DO IN
PROSECUTOR IS REQUIRED TO DO IN A SENTENCING MEMORANDUM IS
A SENTENCING MEMORANDUM IS DESCRIBE TO THE JUDGE THE NATURE
DESCRIBE TO THE JUDGE THE NATURE AND SERIOUSNESS OF THE OFFENSE,
AND SERIOUSNESS OF THE OFFENSE, AND HERE THEY DESCRIBE THIS AS A
AND HERE THEY DESCRIBE THIS AS A VERY SERIOUS OFFENSE.
VERY SERIOUS OFFENSE. THE WHOLE PURPOSE OF CAMPAIGN
THE WHOLE PURPOSE OF CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAWS IS TO PROVIDE
FINANCE LAWS IS TO PROVIDE TRANSPARENCY AND WHOSE PAYING
TRANSPARENCY AND WHOSE PAYING FOR THINGS AND HOW THEY’RE BEING
FOR THINGS AND HOW THEY’RE BEING RUN.
RUN. AND, IN FACT, THEY USE THE WORD
AND, IN FACT, THEY USE THE WORD CLOUD, THAT MICHAEL COHEN AND
CLOUD, THAT MICHAEL COHEN AND INDIVIDUAL ONE WENT OUT OF THEIR
INDIVIDUAL ONE WENT OUT OF THEIR WAY AND TOOK DELIBERATE STEPS TO
WAY AND TOOK DELIBERATE STEPS TO CLOUD THAT TRANSPARENCY BY
CLOUD THAT TRANSPARENCY BY MAKING THESE PAYMENTS TO HIDE
MAKING THESE PAYMENTS TO HIDE THE TRUTH FROM THE PUBLIC SO
THE TRUTH FROM THE PUBLIC SO THAT THEY COULD CAST AN INFORMED
THAT THEY COULD CAST AN INFORMED VOTE.
VOTE. WHEN WE HAVE A DEMOCRACY, IT’S
WHEN WE HAVE A DEMOCRACY, IT’S BASED ON THE ABILITY OF VOTERS
BASED ON THE ABILITY OF VOTERS TO CAST AN INFORMED VOTE.
TO CAST AN INFORMED VOTE. AND WHEN YOU’RE HIDING THE TRUTH
AND WHEN YOU’RE HIDING THE TRUTH FROM THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, THAT
FROM THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, THAT THEN THAT DEMOCRACY BREAKS DOWN.
THEN THAT DEMOCRACY BREAKS DOWN. THAT’S A SERIOUS CRIME.
THAT’S A SERIOUS CRIME. >> TONIGHT’S MULTIPLE COURT
>> TONIGHT’S MULTIPLE COURT FILINGS APPEAR TO INDICATE THAT
FILINGS APPEAR TO INDICATE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HIMSELF COULD BE
PRESIDENT TRUMP HIMSELF COULD BE FACING NEW LEGAL EXPOSURE,
FACING NEW LEGAL EXPOSURE, INCLUDING IMPLICATIONS IN A
INCLUDING IMPLICATIONS IN A FEDERAL CRIME.
FEDERAL CRIME. THE PRESIDENT OR INDIVIDUAL ONE
THE PRESIDENT OR INDIVIDUAL ONE AS HE IS CALLED HERE RESPONDED
AS HE IS CALLED HERE RESPONDED TONIGHT WITH A SHOW OF
TONIGHT WITH A SHOW OF CONFIDENCE.
CONFIDENCE. HE TWEETED, "THIS IS OUTLANDISH.
HE TWEETED, "THIS IS OUTLANDISH. TOTALLY CLEARS THE PRESIDENT.
TOTALLY CLEARS THE PRESIDENT. THANK YOU.
THANK YOU. WELL, THAT’S CRAZY TALK.
WELL, THAT’S CRAZY TALK. LET ME GO TO MIMI ON THIS.
LET ME GO TO MIMI ON THIS. YOU KNOW WHAT’S INTERESTING?
YOU KNOW WHAT’S INTERESTING? HOW CHARACTER AND MORALITY ALL
HOW CHARACTER AND MORALITY ALL COME TO PLAY HERE.
COME TO PLAY HERE. THAT, YOU KNOW, SOMETIMES
THAT, YOU KNOW, SOMETIMES PROGRESSIVES PLAY THIS GAME AND
PROGRESSIVES PLAY THIS GAME AND SOMETIMES CONSERVATIVES PLAY
SOMETIMES CONSERVATIVES PLAY THIS GAME AND TRUMPITES,
THIS GAME AND TRUMPITES, WHATEVER YOU CALL THEM.
WHATEVER YOU CALL THEM. THEY FIRST, THE BEHAVIOR DOESN’T
THEY FIRST, THE BEHAVIOR DOESN’T MATTER.
MATTER. IT’S ALL ABOUT WHETHER YOUR
IT’S ALL ABOUT WHETHER YOUR POLITICS AND IDEOLOGY CONFORMS
POLITICS AND IDEOLOGY CONFORMS TO THE CANDIDATE.
TO THE CANDIDATE. IT DOESN’T MATTER WHO THE
IT DOESN’T MATTER WHO THE PERSON.
PERSON. HERE WE ARE TALKING ABOUT A GUY
HERE WE ARE TALKING ABOUT A GUY AND HIS AFFAIRS AND THE WAY HIS
AND HIS AFFAIRS AND THE WAY HIS CHARACTER SHOWS THAT HAVING THE
CHARACTER SHOWS THAT HAVING THE AFFAIRS AND HIS CHARACTER IS
AFFAIRS AND HIS CHARACTER IS SHOWING AND COVERING UP THE
SHOWING AND COVERING UP THE AFFAIRS AND HOW HE USE HIS
AFFAIRS AND HOW HE USE HIS LAWYER TO DO IT, AND HOW HE USE
LAWYER TO DO IT, AND HOW HE USE HIS MONEY TO DO IT, AND NOW IT’S
HIS MONEY TO DO IT, AND NOW IT’S ALL ABOUT PROTECTING HIS CHANCE
ALL ABOUT PROTECTING HIS CHANCE TO HOLD PUBLIC OFFICE.
TO HOLD PUBLIC OFFICE. IT ALL INTEGRATES TOGETHER.
IT ALL INTEGRATES TOGETHER. THAT’S WHAT I FIND FASCINATING.
THAT’S WHAT I FIND FASCINATING. AND THE PROSECUTORS TALK LIKE
AND THE PROSECUTORS TALK LIKE THAT.
THAT. THEY HIT THAT GUY MORALLY.
THEY HIT THAT GUY MORALLY. THAT’S THE WAY I READ THAT
THAT’S THE WAY I READ THAT DOCUMENT TONIGHT.
DOCUMENT TONIGHT. IT WASN’T SOME COLD SECULAR
IT WASN’T SOME COLD SECULAR DOCUMENT.
DOCUMENT. IT’S SAYING THIS IS WHAT BRINGS
IT’S SAYING THIS IS WHAT BRINGS THE TOXICITY INTO AMERICAN
THE TOXICITY INTO AMERICAN POLITICS, THESE AFFAIRS BEING
POLITICS, THESE AFFAIRS BEING PAID OFF, WOMEN BEING PAID OFF,
PAID OFF, WOMEN BEING PAID OFF, POWER BEING USED TO SNUFF OUT
POWER BEING USED TO SNUFF OUT THE TRUTH AND NOT ENLIGHTEN
THE TRUTH AND NOT ENLIGHTEN DEMOCRACY, BUT DENY THE TRUTH TO
DEMOCRACY, BUT DENY THE TRUTH TO DEMOCRACY AND THE VOTERS.
DEMOCRACY AND THE VOTERS. YOUR THOUGHTS?
YOUR THOUGHTS? >> ABSOLUTELY, CHRIS.
>> ABSOLUTELY, CHRIS. THIS IS A TYPICAL SOUTHERN
THIS IS A TYPICAL SOUTHERN DISTRICT, AND FRANKLY, ANY U.S.
DISTRICT, AND FRANKLY, ANY U.S. ATTORNEY OFFICE TYPE OF DOCUMENT
ATTORNEY OFFICE TYPE OF DOCUMENT WHERE YOU TALK ABOUT THE PURPOSE
WHERE YOU TALK ABOUT THE PURPOSE OF THE LAWS AND THE SPIRIT OF
OF THE LAWS AND THE SPIRIT OF THE LAWS, AND THAT’S IMPORTANT,
THE LAWS, AND THAT’S IMPORTANT, AS BARB SAID, TO EXPLAIN TO THE
AS BARB SAID, TO EXPLAIN TO THE JUDGE IN TERMS OF SENTENCING.
JUDGE IN TERMS OF SENTENCING. AND JUDGE PAULEY IS A JUDGE WHO
AND JUDGE PAULEY IS A JUDGE WHO TAKES THOSE LAWS SERIOUSLY.
TAKES THOSE LAWS SERIOUSLY. YOU KNOW, I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT
YOU KNOW, I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT TO POINT OUT HERE THAT ONE OF
TO POINT OUT HERE THAT ONE OF THE -- THERE WAS A PHRASE USED
THE -- THERE WAS A PHRASE USED IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT MEMO
IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT MEMO ABOUT THE EVIDENCE AGAINST COHEN
ABOUT THE EVIDENCE AGAINST COHEN BEING, QUOTE, OVERWHELMING.
BEING, QUOTE, OVERWHELMING. AND THAT HE DIDN’T COOPERATE OUT
AND THAT HE DIDN’T COOPERATE OUT OF SORT OF THE GOODNESS OF HIS
OF SORT OF THE GOODNESS OF HIS HEART OR SPIRIT, BUT BECAUSE HE
HEART OR SPIRIT, BUT BECAUSE HE WAS REALLY CAUGHT RED-HANDED.
WAS REALLY CAUGHT RED-HANDED. SO FOR TRUMP TO SAY THAT THIS
SO FOR TRUMP TO SAY THAT THIS CLEARS HIM, WE DON’T KNOW ALL OF
CLEARS HIM, WE DON’T KNOW ALL OF THE EVIDENCE THAT IS, QUOTE,
THE EVIDENCE THAT IS, QUOTE, OVERWHELMING AGAINST COHEN, BUT
OVERWHELMING AGAINST COHEN, BUT I’M WILLING TO GO OUT ON A LIMB
I’M WILLING TO GO OUT ON A LIMB HERE RIGHT NOW AND SAY THAT
HERE RIGHT NOW AND SAY THAT GIVEN WHAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
GIVEN WHAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT HAS PUT AS KEN SAID IN BLACK AND
HAS PUT AS KEN SAID IN BLACK AND WHITE AND WRITING ABOUT THE
WHITE AND WRITING ABOUT THE PRESIDENT’S ACTIONS, I’M WILLING
PRESIDENT’S ACTIONS, I’M WILLING TO BET THAT THERE IS GOOD
TO BET THAT THERE IS GOOD EVIDENCE THAT TRUMP HAD THE
EVIDENCE THAT TRUMP HAD THE REQUISITE INTENT TO COMMIT THIS
REQUISITE INTENT TO COMMIT THIS CRIME AS WELL.
CRIME AS WELL. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. AND I’LL GO OUT ON A LIMB AND
AND I’LL GO OUT ON A LIMB AND SAY THIS IS THE BIGGEST ACT OF
SAY THIS IS THE BIGGEST ACT OF SELF-DELUSION SINCE BAGHDAD BOB
SELF-DELUSION SINCE BAGHDAD BOB WHO SAID THEY WERE WINNING THE
WHO SAID THEY WERE WINNING THE WAR.
WAR. I WANT TO BRING IN ARI MELBER,
I WANT TO BRING IN ARI MELBER, WHO HAS BEEN BRILLIANT ON THIS
WHO HAS BEEN BRILLIANT ON THIS TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. HE IS THE HOST OF "THE BEAT."
HE IS THE HOST OF "THE BEAT." ARI, I LOVE THE WAY YOU PUT IT
ARI, I LOVE THE WAY YOU PUT IT UP TONIGHT.
UP TONIGHT. I WANT TO GO BACK TO THE DEEPER
I WANT TO GO BACK TO THE DEEPER QUESTION.
QUESTION. WHEN TRUMP GOT AWAY FOR A FEW
WHEN TRUMP GOT AWAY FOR A FEW WEEKS WITH THE "ACCESS
WEEKS WITH THE "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD" TAPE, THAT EVERYBODY
HOLLYWOOD" TAPE, THAT EVERYBODY SAID WAS GOING TO KILL HIM,
SAID WAS GOING TO KILL HIM, REINCE PRIEBUS WAS GOING TO WALK
REINCE PRIEBUS WAS GOING TO WALK OVER IT.
OVER IT. SMART REPUBLICANS, DECENT
SMART REPUBLICANS, DECENT REPUBLICANS SAID THE SMELL IS
REPUBLICANS SAID THE SMELL IS TOO TERRIBLE HERE TO WITHSTAND
TOO TERRIBLE HERE TO WITHSTAND AND SURVIVE.
AND SURVIVE. AND HERE WE HAVE A PRESIDENT
AND HERE WE HAVE A PRESIDENT BASICALLY BEING CHARGED BY THE
BASICALLY BEING CHARGED BY THE FEDERAL DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UP
FEDERAL DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UP THERE WITH BASICALLY COVERING UP
THERE WITH BASICALLY COVERING UP A COUPLE AFFAIRS WITH MONEY AND
A COUPLE AFFAIRS WITH MONEY AND POWER AND DOING IT IN A WAY THAT
POWER AND DOING IT IN A WAY THAT I CAN GET AWAY WITH THIS CRAP.
I CAN GET AWAY WITH THIS CRAP. THIS IS STUFF I GET AWAY WITH.
THIS IS STUFF I GET AWAY WITH. I GET THIS FIXER LAWYER HERE,
I GET THIS FIXER LAWYER HERE, COHEN.
COHEN. HE DOES THIS CRAP FOR ME.
HE DOES THIS CRAP FOR ME. I GET A MAGAZINE THAT IS GOING
I GET A MAGAZINE THAT IS GOING TO BUY THIS CRAP AND KILL IT FOR
TO BUY THIS CRAP AND KILL IT FOR ME.
ME. I GOT IT ALL WIRED.
I GOT IT ALL WIRED. I CAN GET AWAY WITH IT, JUST
I CAN GET AWAY WITH IT, JUST LIKE HE SAID IN THE "ACCESS
LIKE HE SAID IN THE "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD."
HOLLYWOOD." I CAN GET AWAY WITH IT.
I CAN GET AWAY WITH IT. I THOUGHT IT WAS INTERESTING THE
I THOUGHT IT WAS INTERESTING THE WAY YOU TALKED ABOUT IT TONIGHT.
WAY YOU TALKED ABOUT IT TONIGHT. >> WELL, YOU JUST LAID IT OUT,
>> WELL, YOU JUST LAID IT OUT, CHRIS.
CHRIS. THAT ATTITUDE THAT WAS CAUGHT ON
THAT ATTITUDE THAT WAS CAUGHT ON TAPE WAS NOT JUST BRAGGING ABOUT
TAPE WAS NOT JUST BRAGGING ABOUT SEXUAL ASSAULT, WHICH ITSELF IS
SEXUAL ASSAULT, WHICH ITSELF IS POTENTIALLY FELONIOUS CONDUCT,
POTENTIALLY FELONIOUS CONDUCT, IT WAS ALSO AS YOU JUST PUT IT
IT WAS ALSO AS YOU JUST PUT IT HIS BELIEF THAT THEY’LL LET YOU
HIS BELIEF THAT THEY’LL LET YOU GET AWAY WITH IT.
GET AWAY WITH IT. WELL, THAT’S NOT HOW THOSE
WELL, THAT’S NOT HOW THOSE PEOPLE FELT, BECAUSE MANY OF
PEOPLE FELT, BECAUSE MANY OF THEM SPOKE OUT.
THEM SPOKE OUT. THAT’S NOW KNOT HOW PROSECUTORS
THAT’S NOW KNOT HOW PROSECUTORS IN NEW YORK HAVE DEEMED THAT
IN NEW YORK HAVE DEEMED THAT CONDUCT.
CONDUCT. THEY SAY MICHAEL COHEN HAD THE
THEY SAY MICHAEL COHEN HAD THE SAME MENTALITY.
SAME MENTALITY. IF YOU WANT TO CALL IT THE TRUMP
IF YOU WANT TO CALL IT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION MENTALITY, WE’LL
ORGANIZATION MENTALITY, WE’LL JUST GET AWAY WITH IT.
JUST GET AWAY WITH IT. THE RULES DON’T APPLY.
THE RULES DON’T APPLY. THIS WAS 2 x 4 STRIKING MICHAEL
THIS WAS 2 x 4 STRIKING MICHAEL COHEN IN THE HEAD OVER AND OVER
COHEN IN THE HEAD OVER AND OVER TODAY.
TODAY. AND THIS IS SOMEONE WHO WENT OUT
AND THIS IS SOMEONE WHO WENT OUT THERE AND DID MEDIA LEAKS AND
THERE AND DID MEDIA LEAKS AND TRIED TO SAY HE WAS DOING BOTH
TRIED TO SAY HE WAS DOING BOTH WAYS OR HE WAS GOING TO DO THIS
WAYS OR HE WAS GOING TO DO THIS BECAUSE IT WAS FOR THE GOOD OF
BECAUSE IT WAS FOR THE GOOD OF THE COUNTRY OR HE SAID HE WASN’T
THE COUNTRY OR HE SAID HE WASN’T TAKING A PARDON, AS IF THIS WAS
TAKING A PARDON, AS IF THIS WAS SOMETHING FOR HIM THAT IS
SOMETHING FOR HIM THAT IS SITTING AROUND IN A SILVER
SITTING AROUND IN A SILVER PLATTER, THE PRIVILEGE OF THAT.
PLATTER, THE PRIVILEGE OF THAT. THIS IS THE FEDERAL PROSECUTOR
THIS IS THE FEDERAL PROSECUTOR WAS SAYING, NO IT DOESN’T WORK
WAS SAYING, NO IT DOESN’T WORK LIKE THAT.
LIKE THAT. YOU’RE BUSTED.
YOU’RE BUSTED. THAT’S WHY YOU’RE IN TROUBLE.
THAT’S WHY YOU’RE IN TROUBLE. YOU’RE BUSTED, THAT’S WHY YOU’RE
YOU’RE BUSTED, THAT’S WHY YOU’RE SORT OF COOPERATING.
SORT OF COOPERATING. AND IT STILL WASN’T GOOD ENOUGH
AND IT STILL WASN’T GOOD ENOUGH SO THAT’S WHY YOU SHOULD DO
SO THAT’S WHY YOU SHOULD DO TIME.
TIME. IT’S GOING TO ROYAL THE CITY
IT’S GOING TO ROYAL THE CITY YOU’RE IN, THE MANAFORT FILING
YOU’RE IN, THE MANAFORT FILING WHICH IS GETTING ATTENTION,
WHICH IS GETTING ATTENTION, ALTHOUGH IT’S PARTLY REDACTED.
ALTHOUGH IT’S PARTLY REDACTED. CHRIS, IT SAYS ON HERE ON PAGE
CHRIS, IT SAYS ON HERE ON PAGE 9, WE ONLY DEALT WITH THIS
9, WE ONLY DEALT WITH THIS BRIEFLY, PAUL MANAFORT
BRIEFLY, PAUL MANAFORT AUTHORIZED PEOPLE TO SPEAK WITH
AUTHORIZED PEOPLE TO SPEAK WITH THE ADMINISTRATION ON HIS BEHALF
THE ADMINISTRATION ON HIS BEHALF AND LIED TO MULLER ABOUT IT.
AND LIED TO MULLER ABOUT IT. HE WAS IN CONTACT WITH OFFICIALS
HE WAS IN CONTACT WITH OFFICIALS IN 2018.
IN 2018. WHO ARE THEY?
WHO ARE THEY? DID THEY LIE ABOUT IT?